fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/KnowledgeBase/LdapBackedDigestAuthentication.md

To manipulate the attributes in LDAP was used the tools from the package
ldap-utils (those beginning with ldap\* and used to manipulate the base

> when running, pretty standard). There's n ways to do that, feeding the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when running, pretty standard). There are n ways to do that, feeding the
```
